generated structuregel
generated pericrystal
generated gelore
generated yummyfood
generated sushi
generated teleportrod
generated lightninghammer
handheld gelpickaxe
handheld gelaxe
handheld gelsword
handheld gelshovel
handheld gelhoe
handheld shubaduck
egg zombo
handheld zoosword
handheld explodingsword
generated customhelm
generated customchest
generated customlegs
generated customboots
generated firecrystalhelm
generated firecrystalchest
generated firecrystallegs
generated firecrystalboots
generated goggles
handheld endweapon
handheld netherweapon
handheld overworldweapon
generated endhelmet
generated netherhelmet
generated overworldhelmet
generated witheressence
generated dragonsclaw
generated guardianspikes
generated withercore
generated naturesheart
handheld overpoweredpickaxe
generated knockbackstick
handheld uraniumpickaxe
egg bulborb
egg dragon
egg cherryvillager
egg skeletonking
egg evilrabbit
handheld firesword
handheld vinebow
generated bombarrow
generated fancysauce
generated fireballwand